Now that we've exported focus time locally, the next thing we need to do is put it in a right place.
So pick a folder.
Any folder doesn't matter if you're on Mac or Windows, just go ahead and drag it over or copy paste
it to a place on your operating system where you want it to be.
And so in this case, I'm going to create a folder projects and in that folder projects, I'm going
to put focus time and now focus time is inside of documents, projects, focus time.
So just make sure it's in the right place.
And then the next thing we need to do, the next thing is we need to have something called get now what
is get get is nothing more than a tool that we use in order to be able to manage our code.
Right.
It is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from large
to small projects.
OK, so how do we installed this?
Well, that's a good question.
The first thing we need to do is open something called terminal and we open this thing called terminal.
What we can do now is we can write a command code and when we press the tab button, we can go to documents
and we press tab.
It'll autofill and will allow it access to our documents folder.
And then what we'll do here is we'll go into projects.
And then if we listen here, we know we have focused time, right, let's let's open this a bit.
So we have focus time over here.
OK, so if we go into focus time, we now know that we have all of our files, so is get installed by
default on Mac?
Well, let's take a look.
Let's write something called Get in it.
And it's going to say, oh, hey, you know, you're trying to use the git command.
No developer tools were found.
If you already have everything installed, this command will have worked, but otherwise you may see
the screen.
So we're going to just hit install and we're going to agree and it's going to start finding the software.
It's going to start installing all of the tooling on your Mac that you require now.
The software update server is out of order.
So what happens then?
Well.
Then we just go ahead and download it from here.
So how are we going to do that?
Well, the first thing we need to do is if you have home brew, you can do something like this or you
can do what we did before and you can maybe try again until the software center does have the code that
you need.
You know, sometimes this may flake out and you may need to try again.
Don't get frustrated.
These things can happen.
You see, again, I can install software because there is no currently available from the update server.
So what do we do in this case?
We can go to the App Store and we can go ahead and try to install something called Xcode.
And when we install this, well, what it's going to do is it's going to install a bunch of developer
tools and together with those developer tools will come a lot of different software.
OK, so don't panic just yet because even I on a new install of my Mac, hit a brick wall in this can
happen.
But but again, if you hit a brick wall, reach out to our amazing community on this keyboard and they're
more than happy to help you out, whatever you're facing.
Now, let's just wait for this to install.
And once it's done, we can continue trying to set up our environment.
All right, so we fully installed, echoed, and this can take a while, so be patient.
Now, when we open it, what we're going to see is that it's going to take a while to take into account
everything that needs to.
It's going to pull together resources, basically.
So this also can take a while.
This is a game of patience mostly.
So let's agree with the SDK agreement.
Let's fill in our password and it's going to install a bunch of components.
It's going to do a bunch of things that it needs to do in order to run.
And then hopefully by installing this, maybe we alleviate our git issue or maybe we need to go look
at what exactly is happening with the software update service.
But sometimes it's as simple as understanding that some of the resources that are required can be looped
in with other packages.
So Xcode may indeed install the component we need for gett as well, because we want to be able to keep
track of what we're doing.
We don't want to lose progress.
It's very vital and you may already have gittin installed and at that point you should be set.
But this is for those who don't.
And also looping in the Xcode installation helps out.
So let's loop back when it's installed all of the components.
All right, so it's just done installing all the components and now we get the welcome to Xcode screen
and so with that, we have everything installed here.
So let's go back to our terminal window and let's run get in it again.
And what's going to happen here is, as you can see with the Xcode installation, it looped in the Gett
installation.
So that's important to note.
By installing Xcode, we now have gett available.
And we have installed initialised an empty git repository in the focus time app.
And so what we want to do next is we want to do get add thought a get commit Dasch A.M..
We're going to call it initial.
And that's going to add everything into here.
And so the next step I'm going to show you is how to push this code up so that you can keep track of
it on something like GitHub.